add note about fast recovery during cwnd decrease due to congestion (#29)
NTAP/rfc8312bis: draft-eggert-tcpm-rfc8312bis.md

## Multiplicative Decrease {#mult-dec}

When a packet loss is detected by duplicate ACKs or a network

> congestion is detected by ECN-Echo ACKs, CUBIC updates its W_max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
congestion is detected by receiving packets marked with ECN-Echo (ECE), CUBIC updates its W_max
```

and reduces its cwnd and ssthresh immediately as below. For both

> packet loss and congestion detection by ECN, the sender MAY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packet loss and congestion detection through ECN, the sender MAY
```
